Create MoM-2023-11-21.md (#120)
camaraproject/DeviceLocation: documentation/MeetingMinutes/MoM-2023-11-21.md

* Review latest comments in ongoing PRs for APIs, and decide if ready to be merged:
  - [location-verification.yaml v0.2 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/104)
       - Point about Ipv6 still open in QoD (will be valid for all three APIs)
       - Description comment from Cetin to be considered
  - [location-retrieval.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/114)
      - Error: Status & Code are 'normative' - message are open to modification by implementation
  - [geofencing.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/116)
      - Rafal proposed to align Notification source example list accordingly to the guidelines

We're still in line to release before the end of the year.

>     Not rush to close these PR

Author: My understanding was that we wanted these PRs to be merged as "release candidates", in the following days, as soon as current pending comments are resolve. This is the first step prior to make the release

```suggestion
    - Resolve pending comments and merge current PRs as -rc
    - Open testing and feedback period for RC versions

```

>     We need also to wait for new working group about release management

Author: I wouldn't say explicitly that we have to wait, because it is not clear the timings for the new working group. My impression is that we probably have to create the new release with the "old rules" and eventually aligned with decisions in the new WG

```suggestion
    We need also to align with the new working group about release management

```

        First training Nov 21th

>         Rafal & Ludoviv will atten - José is codeowner of this release management working group

Author: ```suggestion
        Rafal, Ludovic and José will attend

```

### Review other Issues and PRs

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - Discussed during meeting 

>     - To be discussed in Commonalities here: https://gQuestion is ithub.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94

Author: ```suggestion
    - To be discussed in Commonalities here: https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94

```
